---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-01-20T21:33:41.945Z'
dateModified: '2016-01-20T21:33:37.576Z'
title: ''
author: []
sourcePath: _posts/2016-01-20-6e1de907-02a2-40a2-bb0c-993f29a9a5dd.md
published: true
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
url: 6e1de907-02a2-40a2-bb0c-993f29a9a5dd/index.html
_type: Article

---
Welcome to the resurrection of A Gift of Love's Website.  After over a year of being down, and losing all of our information and followers to a virus, we will rebuild!!  

We have chosen The Grid, an AI designed website to be our new Host.  And please be patient as this amazing start up company is in it's beta testing phase.  So we will grow together.

You will find new information about how you can empower yourself to be active in your Health and Well-being!  And as always, A Gift of Love will never advertise, or accept monies from anyone to influence our content.

We we re born of the ideal to Be What We Wish to See in the World!!!  And we wanted to see a place that really had the best interest of everyone in mind.

It has become apparent that the services who are there to provide the information to you, have been compromised.  Too many Board members of special interest groups sit in positions that control the information you are given.  Too many research and development companies are in it for the money, and now the "healthcare" or "sick-care" industry is run by the same people who are investing in big pharmaceutical companies.  Even the medical schools are knee deep in funding from those who stand to make a profit.  Red tape, and limitations on accepted and available treatments are destroying the medical insurance industries, and we have seen too many affected to just stand by and do nothing anymore.  So we want to inspire you to find out and research for yourself.  We will post and write about topics covering Mind, Body, Emotion and Spiritual Wellness.  

"A healthy outside starts from the inside."

~[**_Robert Urich_**][0]

Michelle Tedrick

_Founder_~ A Gift of Love

[0]: http://www.brainyquote.com/quotes/authors/r/robert_urich.html